Make the release action upload to real PyPI (#70)
matrix-org/synapse-s3-storage-provider: README.md

# prepare to wait a long time
```

Packaging and release
---------

For maintainers:

1. Update the `__version__` in setup.py. Commit. Push.
2. Create a release on GitHub for this version.

> 3. When published, a [GitHub action](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse-s3-storage-provider/runs/4312656424?check_suite_focus=true) will build the package and upload to [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/synapse-s3-storage-provider/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When published, a [GitHub action](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse-s3-storage-provider/actions) will build the package and upload to [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/synapse-s3-storage-provider/).
```

I think it'd be more useful to tell the maintainer where to look for said action, but ymmv

Author: Argh, this was meant to be the workflow itself, not a specific run of it. Thanks.

> **NB.** `matrix.org` is currently configured to `git checkout` this module directly and does NOT pull from PyPI.

Reviewer: Not sure if we should write stuff about matrix.org ops in readmes, but maybe that's just me being too paranoid.

Reviewer 2: Agree on this, this doesn't seem like the right place for details about the matrix.org deployment

Author: Thanks, will revert this bit.
